Economics
    The opposite of supply. : What is demand?
    The philosophy that wealth and price increase over time. : What is inflation?
    The philosophy that wealth is fixed and finite. : What is mercantilism?
    The founder of modern Economics. : Who is Adam Smith?
    Famous for saying that government intervention is necessary in the market. : Who is John Maynard Keynes?
Videogames
    The two colors of portals within the Portal series. : What are orange and blue?
    Setting of the game Just Cause. : What is the Panama Canal?
    At least two names of main character assassins from the Assassin's Creed series. : Who are Altair, Ezio, Connor and Edward?
    Daedric Prince that gives you the Oghma Infinium within the Elder Scrolls series. : Who is Hermaus-Mora?
    The main Russian character in Call of Duty&c World at War. : Who is Dmitri?
Movies
    This actor plays the role of Harry Potter. : Who is Daniel Radcliffe?
    This movie series is chronologically in the order of 4, 5, 6, 1, 2, 3. : What is Star Wars?
    Golum's real name in the Lord of the Rings movies. : Who is Smeagull?
    The highest grossing movie of all time. : What is Avatar?
    Studio that created the first major 3D animated movie. : What is Pixar?
Music
    Music editing program included with most Apple products. : What is Garageband?
    The first musical genre created and popularized in America. : What is Blues?
    Time signature of most American pop songs. : What is 4/4 time signature?
    The person with the most singing voice recorded ever. : Who is Ashla Bosley?
    This woman was never accredited for her singing in the credits of three early 70's musicals. : Who is Marni Nixon? <<750>>
Sports
    This major sporting event happens every 4 years. : What are the Olympics / World Cup?
    This sport is played with a small, thin, cylindrical, and black piece of hard rubber. : What is hockey?
    In baseball, the major award for pitching is named after this person. : Who is Cy Young?
    Has won more Olympic gold medals than any other athlete. : Who is Michael Phelps?
    The only sports team named after a movie. :  Who are the Anaheim Ducks?